+++ 
title = "About Me" 
slug = "about" 
+++

Hi, I an Rosis. . I have always been a keen observer of science and technology.I am an undergraduate student pursuing Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering [Institue of Engineering, ](https://ioe.edu.np)[Paschimanchal Campus](https://www.ioepas.edu.np/).So far throughout my student years I’ve learned programming languages included in the course as well as other languages that I have deep interest on and are on demand on market. In early years I started with C programming language and currently focusing on Python. I specialize on python framework Django for back-end development. I am responsible for creating and developing the back end for websites of my client. In addition to excellent back-end programming and creativity I also have extensive knowledge in Bootstrap.
Further I’ve learned other python frameworks for Machine Learning like NumPy, Pandas. For my final year project along with my teammates I’m working on developing a mobile app called “Plant Fix” which allows farmers to identify the disease on rice plant by capturing its leaf image. For my 3rd year minor project, along with my teammates, I did a project called “My Health” which allows users to identify the disease along with appropriate doctor for the treatment based on the symptoms they are facing.
Working in IT requires both technical knowledge and ability to efficiently communicate with people. I am a quick learner and even better at understanding and adapting to critical situations. I have been able to build interpersonal and analytical skills which I am confident will be extremely useful in my line of work.
